Join us for our Dinner Concert Series, an elegant evening where culinary artistry and live classical performance come together inside the historic setting of The Treasury 1929. This immersive experience features a handcrafted, multi-course dinner by renowned chef Daniel Scordato, while being transported by the soaring melodies of renowned pianist Dr. Fanya Lin. 

Tickets include a 3-course fine dining experience, two live 30-minute concert performances and all non-alcoholic beverages. Bottles of wine are available for purchase through the app, but glasses of wine, beer, and craft cocktails will be available for purchase at your table throughout the evening. Please make sure to arrive by 5:45 in order to order beverages at your table.

All tickets are only purchasable online, guests will be able to select their seats, choose their three-course dinner in advance, and complete payment securely online. This ensures a seamless experience so you can simply arrive and enjoy the evening. No door tickets will be available. 

Event Schedule: 5:45 PM – Doors Open (please arrive before 6:15 in order to allow time for drink service before music begins) 

5:45 to 6:30 PM – Guests are seated and table drink service begins. Each table will be welcomed with an amuse-bouche to enjoy alongside beverages. Non-alcoholic drinks are included in the ticket price. Alcoholic beverages may be ordered directly from your server. 

6:30 PM – First Musical Performance Enjoy a 30-minute live performance while seated at your table. 

7:00 PM – Dinner Service Dinner begins with a fresh salad, followed by your pre-selected entrée and dessert. Menu selections are made when purchasing your ticket. 

8:15 PM – Second Musical Performance Another 30-minute live performance accompanies the close of dinner. 
8:45 PM – Dinner and music conclude 


Featured Artist: 

Fanya Lin, Pianist
Described as a “striking interpreter” who gives a “committed and heartfelt performance”
by Musical America and The New York Times, Steinway Artist Fanya Lin has entranced
audiences worldwide with her charismatic and fiery performances. Lin’s “mesmerizing
performance” of Rachmaninoff’s Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini in UK was depicted
as “a tornado had touched down through her body and lifted her, feathers fluttering, from the piano stool as she weighed into the keys.”

Her orchestral appearances include the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Utah Symphony, Savannah Philharmonic, The Jackson Symphony, among others. Her concerto album Rhapsodic featuring Gershwin’s Rhapsody in Blue and Rachmaninoff’s Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini with Maestro Theodore Kuchar and the Lublin Philharmonic was released by Navona Records in 2023,and selected as Textura’s &quot;Top 20 Classical Picks (Instrumental: Quartet/Ensemble/Orchestra)&quot; for 2024.

As a philanthropist, Fanya has collaborated with various non-profit organizations to
create access for education and promote mental health awareness through fundraising
galas and salon concerts. Inspired by her mentors Dr. Yu-Jane Yang, Professor Hung-
Kuan Chen, and Professor Lydia Artymiw for their dedication in education, Dr. Fanya
Lin is currently serving as the Associate Professor of Practice in Piano at the University
of Arizona, where she teaches applied piano lessons, chamber music, piano literature, and the Yoga for Musicians course.

This series premiere promises an unforgettable night of exceptional food, world-class music, and warm hospitality in one of Tucson's most iconic venues. Seating is limited. Formal or cocktail attire is encouraged.